you
okay well Jesus to die on I'm
really worried he wanted a remove it we
Nina yeah I mean that's all my traitor
to the cause of one when I was in the
community when that's the only nice
fella the TNT told us in fact it'll be
fine if I'm the nice have is taking its
hollow you from your daddy then cut home
Joe
chisel on sure WI not need much yeah HIV
TB inventive halfway wala na I feel the
hope the hope and I know it she's forty
second type of I want to say
maybe to walk with sunshine your
question after that she might you know
was living a package on condo is about
so does it but it okay
tigress information Gina wasn't
university's immediate weights d800 me
tell you what you ain't zippers in the
sense that has some seats at the center
she mentioned since I
somehow touch them touch you man I told
you it's not woman Ichi changeable so
how do a bit he said without sound sure
you so would you did
polio is it fantasy P that sounds you
can be considered that was a lot okay
for me she's delusional
well you know what she said the same
time I am young even comment below me
please
he also made from so much Fatima each
without something that she's about to do
you have a
Tinian even teen we took material and
the mania mania has a secret that allows
the email it's ultimately not because
you think it's opposed the ho didn't see
do is you plenty
hahaha let's say ok or nothing with you
is it it's all handed together the CAC
so that they can be fed it's out to it
not was he is same thing to the same for
got me through it enough your soul this
champion mediator KGB tell me or no this
is since our charts not but it's a good
chance at some other who's fat now was
he Jessica it's all hanging
I also know yet how many years ago Yami
your idea
Miriam so
happened here you see us today you see
on Twitch okay in this room kind of the
damage we can find abandoned would you
have a sort of ah man we just instantly
sapna can do a woman to go to little
girl to go back and see no not here